One of the most common methods
for encoding categorical variables is with ones and zeros.
There are advantages to this method.
With linear models, you have the ability to
easily interpret the weights on each of these values,
and it provides a lot of flexibility in determining
how each level of the categorical variable influences the response.
On the downside, when a categorical variable has lots of levels,
creating dummy variables encoded in this way,
can add a lot of new columns into your dataset.
In this dataset, we're working with 42,000 additional columns.
If the number of columns were to exceed the number of rows,
many machine learning algorithms will be unable to optimize for a solution at all.
There are some additional techniques shown in the post and the links below.
Let's try implementing this technique to see how it works out